This section applies to all versions of Android
#findmybikes does not collect nor use any personal information.

**A note on identifiable information : By itself, a station name (the default name for a new favorite) doesn't say anything about you.
But if you rename one of your favorite, let's say 'Home',
then the information becomes identifiable as it carries meaning specific to you**


#findmybikes does collect and use some non personal information and freeform information that can be identifiable.
This non personal and freeform information is limited to :

- The name and id (as provided by citybik.es API) of each bike networks you've used the application with. NON IDENTIFIABLE
- A collection of station id (as provided by citibik.es API) corresponding to your most recent favorites list
for each bike networks you've used the application with. NON IDENTIFIABLE
- A collection of character strings (text), corresponding to the personalized name, if any, you gave to each individual favorite in your most recent favorites
list for each bike networks you've used the application with. POTENTIALLY IDENTIFIABLE (not with default favorites names).

The only use of this data is to restore your favorites after a factory reset or upgrade to a new phone. This policy makes you aware that Google maintains this data outside of reach
of #findmybikes developer. Google routinely respond to well formed legal requests. You can consult Google's transparency report at
https://www.google.com/transparencyreport/


This section applies only to Android versions before 6

#findmybikes uses the Google provided Android Backup Service.
By using #findmybikes, you grant explicit permission to #findmybikes developer for the limited purpose
of backing up this non personal and freeform information to the Android Backup Service.


This section applies only to Android version 6 and up

Google integrated the Android Backup Service directly into the Android platform (or Play Services platform).
#findmybikes privacy policy doesn't applies in relation to the backing up of the non personal and freeform information it collects and use.
The privacy policy regarding such data is the one you accepted from Google and that you can find here
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/

